## symbolInstance summary

> **Inheritance** [Element object](#_bookmark374) \> [Instance object](#_bookmark653) \> SymbolInstance object

#### Availability

> Flash MX 2004.

#### Description

> SymbolInstance is a subclass of the Instance object and represents a symbol in a frame (see [Instance object](#_bookmark653)).

#### Property summary

> In addition to the Instance object properties, the SymbolInstance object has the following properties:

<table><thead><tr class="header"><th><strong>Property</strong></th><th><strong>Description</strong></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#symbolInstance.accName">symbolInstance.accName</a></td><td>A string that is equivalent to the Name field in the Accessibility panel.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark917">symbolInstance.actionScript -</a> <a href="#_bookmark917">dropped</a></td><td>Dropped in Adobe Animate.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark919">symbolInstance.backgroundColor</a></td><td>A string specifying the matte color when Opaque is selected.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark920">symbolInstance.bitmapRenderMode</a></td><td>A string specifying the display type for a symbol instance.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark921">symbolInstance.blendMode</a></td><td>A string that specifies the blending mode to be applied to a movie clip symbol.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark923">symbolInstance.brightness</a></td><td>An integer that returns the value set in the color effect Property Inspector for brightness (percentage between -100 and 100) when colorMode == 'brightness'.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark924">symbolInstance.buttonTracking</a></td><td>A string (button symbols only) that sets the same property as the pop-up menu for Track as Button or Track As Menu Item in the Property inspector.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark925">symbolInstance.cacheAsBitmap</a></td><td>A Boolean value that specifies whether run-time bitmap caching is enabled.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark926">symbolInstance.colorAlphaAmount</a></td><td>An integer that is part of the color transformation for the instance, specifying the Advanced Effect Alpha settings; equivalent to using the Color &gt; Advanced setting in the Property inspector and adjusting the controls on the right of the dialog box.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark927">symbolInstance.colorAlphaPercent</a></td><td>An integer that specifies part of the color transformation for the instance; equivalent to using the Color &gt; Advanced setting in the instance Property inspector (the percentage controls on the left of the dialog box).</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark928">symbolInstance.colorBlueAmount</a></td><td>An integer that is part of the color transformation for the instance; equivalent to using the Color &gt; Advanced setting in the instance Property inspector.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark929">symbolInstance.colorBluePercent</a></td><td>An integer that is part of the color transformation for the instance; equivalent to using the Color &gt; Advanced setting in the instance Property inspector (the percentage controls on the left of the dialog box).</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark930">symbolInstance.colorGreenAmount</a></td><td><p>An integer that is part of the color transformation for the instance; equivalent to using the Color &gt; Advanced setting in the instance Property inspector.</p><p>Allowable values are from -255 to 255.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>

<table><thead><tr class="header"><th><strong>Property</strong></th><th><strong>Description</strong></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark931">symbolInstance.colorGreenPercent</a></td><td><p>Part of the color transformation for the instance; equivalent to using the Color</p><p>&gt; Advanced setting in the instance Property inspector (the percentage controls on the left of the dialog box).</p></td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark932">symbolInstance.colorMode</a></td><td>A string that specifies the color mode as identified in the symbol Property inspector Color pop-up menu.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark933">symbolInstance.colorRedAmount</a></td><td>An integer that is part of the color transformation for the instance, equivalent to using the Color &gt; Advanced setting in the instance Property inspector.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark934">symbolInstance.colorRedPercent</a></td><td><p>Part of the color transformation for the instance; equivalent to using the Color</p><p>&gt; Advanced setting in the instance Property inspector (the percentage controls on the left of the dialog box).</p></td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark935">symbolInstance.description</a></td><td>A string that is equivalent to the Description field in the Accessibility panel.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark936">symbolInstance.filters</a></td><td>An array of Filter objects (see <a href="#_bookmark425">Filter object</a>).</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark937">symbolInstance.firstFrame</a></td><td>A zero-based integer that specifies the first frame to appear in the timeline of the graphic.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark938">symbolInstance.forceSimple</a></td><td>A Boolean value that enables and disables the accessibility of the object’s children; equivalent to the inverse logic of the Make Child Objects Accessible setting in the Accessibility panel.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark939">symbolInstance.is3D</a></td><td>A Boolean value indicating whether the instance contains any 3D transforms.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark940">symbolInstance.loop</a></td><td>A string that, for graphic symbols, sets the same property as the Loop pop-up menu in the Property inspector.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark941">symbolInstance.shortcut</a></td><td>A string that is equivalent to the shortcut key associated with the symbol; equivalent to the Shortcut field in the Accessibility panel.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark942">symbolInstance.silent</a></td><td>A Boolean value that enables or disables the accessibility of the object; equivalent to the inverse logic of the Make Object Accessible setting in the Accessibility panel.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark943">symbolInstance.symbolType</a></td><td>A string that specifies the type of symbol; equivalent to the value for Behavior in the Create New Symbol and Convert To Symbol dialog boxes.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark944">symbolInstance.tabIndex</a></td><td>An integer that is equivalent to the Tab index field in the Accessibility panel.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark945">symbolInstance.tintColor</a></td><td>When the Color Effect Property Inspector is using style tint (colorMode == 'tint'), return the color applied to the tint.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark946">symbolInstance.tintPercent</a></td><td>When the color effect Property Inspector is using style tint (colorMode == 'tint') then return the applied to the tint percentage from -100 to 100.</td></tr><tr class="odd"><td><a href="#_bookmark947">symbolInstance.useBackgroundColor</a></td><td>A boolean value that specifies whether to use 24 bit mode or 32 bit mode with alpha for the instance.</td></tr><tr class="even"><td><a href="#_bookmark948">symbolInstance.visible</a></td><td>A boolean value specifying whether the instance is visible or not.</td></tr></tbody></table>

<span id="symbolInstance.accName" class="anchor"></span>
