## document.exportMedia()

#### Availability

Adobe Animate2020.

#### Usage
document.exportMedia (fileURI, format, preset [,bTransparent [, bRunBatch [, sceneName [, startFrame [, endFrame]]]]]).

#### Parameters
**fileURI:** A string, expressed as a file:/// URI, that specifies the output file path (without file extension)

**format:** A string that specifies the format of the file to be exported

**preset:** A string that specifies the preset to be used.

**bTransparent:** Boolean that specifies whether to ignore the stage colour.It is Optional. Default valu is false.

**bRunBatch:** Boolean that specifies whether to run AME batch automatically.It is Optional. Default value is true.

**sceneName:** A string that specifies the name of the scene if only that specific scene should be exported.It is Optional. By default all scenes will be exported.

**startFrame:** An integer, index of start frame in specific scene. Applicable only when a specific scene is exported.It is Optional. By default it will be either first frame of timeline or the start frame of the timeline loop range if defined.

**endFrame:** An integer, index of end frame in specific scene. Applicable only when a specific scene is exported.It is Optional. By default it will be last frame of timeline or the end frame of the timeline loop range if defined.

#### Returns

nothing.

#### Description

Method;generates the required media from the document by making use of Adobe Media Encoder.

#### Example
The following example generates the required media. 

```javascript

dom.exportMedia ("file:///C/Desktop/media", "H.264", "Default", true, false, "Scene 1", 20, 85);

```

