## document.setSelectionRect()

#### Availability

Flash MX 2004; *bContactSensitiveSelection* parameter added in Flash 8.

#### Usage

document.setSelectionRect(rect \[, bReplaceCurrentSelection \[, bContactSensitiveSelection\]\])

#### Parameters

**rect** A rectangle object to set as selected. For information on the format of *rect*, see [document.addNewRectangle()](#!AdobeDocs/developers-animatesdk-docs/master/Document_object/docume10.md).
**bReplaceCurrentSelection** A Boolean value that specifies whether the method replaces the current selection (true) or adds to the current selection (false). The default value is true.
**bContactSensitiveSelection** A Boolean value that specifies whether the Contact Sensitive selection mode is enabled (true) or disabled (false) during object selection. The default value is false.

#### Returns

Nothing.

#### Description

Method; draws a rectangular selection marquee relative to the Stage, using the specified coordinates. This is unlike
document.getSelectionRect(), in which the rectangle is relative to the object being edited.
This method is equivalent to dragging a rectangle with the Selection tool. An instance must be fully enclosed by the rectangle to be selected.
If you pass a value for *bContactSensitiveSelection*, it is valid only for this method and doesn’t affect the Contact Sensitive selection mode for the document (see [fl.contactSensitiveSelection](#!AdobeDocs/developers-animatesdk-docs/master/flash_object_(fl)/fl14.md)
***Note:** Repeating setSelectionRect() using the History panel or menu item repeats the step previous to the*
*setSelectionRect() operation.*

#### Example

```javascript
In the following example, the second selection replaces the first one:
fl.getDocumentDOM().setSelectionRect({left:1, top:1, right:200, bottom:200}); fl.getDocumentDOM().setSelectionRect({left:364.0, top:203.0, right:508.0, bottom:434.0}, true);
In the following example, the second selection is added to the first selection. This is the same as the manual operation of holding down Shift and selecting a second object.
fl.getDocumentDOM().setSelectionRect({left:1, top:1, right:200, bottom:200}); fl.getDocumentDOM().setSelectionRect({left:364.0, top:203.0, right:508.0, bottom:434.0}, false);

```
#### See also

[document.getSelectionRect()](#!AdobeDocs/developers-animatesdk-docs/master/Document_object/docume84.md), [document.selection](#!AdobeDocs/developers-animatesdk-docs/master/Document_object/docum430.md), [document.setSelectionBounds()](#!AdobeDocs/developers-animatesdk-docs/master/Document_object/docu9658.md)
