## document.setTransformationPoint()

#### Availability

Flash MX 2004.

#### Usage

document.setTransformationPoint( transformationPoint )

#### Parameters

**transformationPoint** A point (for example, {x:10, y:20}, where x and y are floating-point numbers) that specifies values for the transformation point of each of the following elements:

-   Shapes: *transformationPoint* is set relative to the document (0,0 is the upper left corner of the Stage).

-   Symbols: *transformationPoint* is set relative to the symbol’s registration point (0,0 is located at the registration point).

-   Text: *transformationPoint* is set relative to the text field (0,0 is the upper left corner of the text field).

-   Bitmaps/videos: *transformationPoint* is set relative to the bitmap/video (0,0 is the upper left corner of the bitmap or video).

-   Drawing objects, primitive ovals and rectangles, and groups: *transformationPoint* is set relative to the document (0,0 is the upper left corner of the Stage). To set *transformationPoint* relative to the center point of the object, primitive, or group, use [element.setTransformationPoint()](../Element_object/elemen19.md).

#### Returns

Nothing.

#### Description

Method; sets the position of the current selection’s transformation point.

#### Example

```javascript
The following example sets the transformation point of the current selection to 100, 200:
fl.getDocumentDOM().setTransformationPoint({x:100, y:200});

```
#### See also

[document.getTransformationPoint()](../Document_object/docume89.md), [element.setTransformationPoint()](../Element_object/elemen19.md)
