## document.setTextRectangle()

#### Availability

Flash MX 2004.

#### Usage

document.setTextRectangle(boundingRectangle)

#### Parameters

**boundingRectangle** A rectangle that specifies the new size within which the text item should flow. For information on the format of *boundingRectangle*, see [document.addNewRectangle()](#!AdobeDocs/developers-animatesdk-docs/test/Document_object/docume10.md).

#### Returns

A Boolean value: true if the size of at least one text field is changed; false otherwise.

#### Description

Method; changes the bounding rectangle for the selected text item to the specified size. This method causes the text to reflow inside the new rectangle; the text item is not scaled or transformed. The values passed in *boundingRectangle* are used as follows:

-   If the text is horizontal and static, the method takes into account only the width value passed in *boundingRectangle*; the height is automatically computed to fit all the text.

-   If the text is vertical (and therefore static), the method takes into account only the height value passed in

*boundingRectangle*; the width is automatically computed to fit all the text.

-   If the text is dynamic or input, the method takes into account both the width and height values passed in *boundingRectangle*, and the resulting rectangle might be larger than needed to fit all the text. However, if the parameters specify a rectangle size that is too small to fit all the text, the method takes into account only the width value passed in *boundingRectangle* (the height is automatically computed to fit all the text).

#### Example

```javascript
The following example changes the size of the bounding text rectangle to the specified dimensions:
fl.getDocumentDOM().setTextRectangle({left:0, top:0, right:50, bottom:200})

```