## fl.selectElement()

#### Availability

> Flash CS3 Professional.

#### Usage

> fl.selectElement(elementObject, editMode)

#### Parameters

> **elementObject** The [Element object](#_bookmark374) you want to select.
>
> **editMode** A Boolean value that specifies whether you want to edit the element (true) or want only to select it (false).

#### Returns

> A Boolean value of true if the element was successfully selected; false otherwise.

#### Description

> Method; enables selection or editing of an element. Generally, you will use this method on objects returned by
>
> [fl.findObjectInDocByName()](#_bookmark486) or [fl.findObjectInDocByType()](#_bookmark487).

#### Example

> The following example selects an element named "second text field" if one is found in the document:
>
> var nameToSearchFor = "second text field"; var doc = fl.getDocumentDOM();
>
> // Start by viewing Scene 1 (index value of 0). document.editScene(0);
>
> // Search for element by name.
>
> var results = fl.findObjectInDocByName(nameToSearchFor, doc); if (results.length \> 0) {
>
> // Select the first element found.
>
> // Pass false, so the symbolInstance you are searching for is selected.
>
> // If you pass true, the symbol instance will switch to edit mode. fl.selectElement(results\[0\], false);
>
> alert("success, found " + results.length + " objects")
>
> }
>
> else {
>
> alert("failed, no objects with name "" + nameToSearchFor + "" found");

}

#### See also

> [fl.findObjectInDocByName()](#_bookmark486), [fl.findObjectInDocByType()](#_bookmark487)
